hey everybody this is how strengthen
welcome back to diablo 2 we're back for
another stupid build and that's going to
be the fire stick sorceress she's gonna
be a male a sorceress actually but we're
probably using the staff for the
majority of the gameplay at the
beginning i am going to slightly cheat
on the melee aspect of her because well
it's sources and worries stop following
me um I'm gonna slightly cheat on the
melee aspect of because I am going to
need to use like fire bolt and stuff
like that to actually do damage but
later on we will be using primarily
enchant I am on the fence as to whether
I want to use thunder storm thunder
storm is one of those things that's kind
of like maybe maybe not it's a little
bit o P it makes it a lot easier to do
this run but at the same time yeah I am
definitely gonna go for teleport and the
cold armors though the shiver armors
probably gonna be the first one I'm
going to be dumping a lot of points into
and that's going to be a fairly obvious
thing I do need to get the ice bolt and
ice blast to get down to it but shiver
armor does damage to melee attackers and
that's going to be a little bit more
important to me than say the chillin
armor sterling armor is nice in some
areas but yeah shiver armors going to be
my primary one for a good chunk of this
we may eventually move into chillin
armor I don't know for sure yet this is
not fully tested I will be doing enchant
I may do blaze I doubt it but I could
blaze is not a bad skill but it kind of
breaks the whole thing of let's be melee
here so let's go ahead and get our asses
out of town nothing we really need to
drop on the ground because this is one
of a few classes that does not start
with a shield so we're actually kind of
happy about that I don't really need a
shield it's going to recharge our mana
and early on I forgot something vitally
important players eight there we go and
we have a better shrine there and so I'm
grab the cracked sash but yeah I I do
want to use the experienced shrine just
not right this second don't need to sell
the superior buckler it's not worth
hardly any money
but I wanted players eight so I can get
more experience oh yeah at least they're
dropping decent instead of you know
absolute buckets but they're not giving
us a ton of experience because these
were players once spawned enemy
now I might use bows on my secondary if
I do use a bow it's probably going to be
a little bit slow because I don't really
have any of the good bows to use right
now
so let's go to grab the experience
shrine now that we've killed the enemies
that probably spawned off the players
one us coming out here like this
players one not exactly what we want
here so let's see if these guys are
players eight and can I actually hit
yeah thank you that would be a really
useful thing to note they're not players
eight so yay we're wasting experience
shrine here I'm gonna run a little
further away hopefully I can get to a
player's eight group of oh god it's
gonna be one of those Oh
yay for the river blood more river ran
through it but now we have to like walk
all the way back around here and
hopefully I don't think these guys are
gonna be players eight either are you oh
you are yay that's gonna actually be
kind of nice so it's gonna give us a
good chunk of experience almost an
entire hole it's half a level from that
one guy and that's great there you go
now this is experience experience shrine
early on a very very lovely you're gonna
if you're gonna be following along with
me on this playthrough if you're gonna
be playing along I would highly
recommend leveling up a lot if you're
playing on battlenet you're gonna have
to you know just kind of tough it out
and level up and go through areas and
grind a little bit unfortunately a rare
Club but cute I'm just gonna keep
matching please I'm not even gonna
bother putting in stats until this
experience shrine wears off cuz well I
want to get as much experience out of
this shrine as possible here early on I
wouldn't want to do this for a speedrun
I'm just gonna say right now this would
be a horrible build for speedrunning
it's just it'd be terrible for it I'm
just gonna be brutally honest there but
anyway the reason for doing this build
is because this build is an oddly
popular build for like kind of a side
Ville to kind of fun a stupid build to
play whenever you've got a bunch of
really good equipment I want to see just
how possible this is to do through
normal untoned
because I've never done that before
there's other builds that I have on that
list as well some of them will make it
into the season some of them won't
I'm actually semi tempted to substitute
out of the Barbarian build for a second
druid bill because someone mentioned a
poisoned druid and I would like to do
that as a stupid girl because I have
done it as a I've done it as a twink
bill like a bill that I gave equipment
to but I've never done it as just kind
of like a standalone I'm finding all the
stuff I'm using bill okay so our
experience trying wore off let's go
ahead and start finding stuff hi how you
doing zombie boom boom boom boom good
job and thankfully that braking does not
matter see ya the belt breaking doesn't
matter because we still can hold stuff
in it
go figure I mean if your belt was broken
I don't think you'd be able to you know
use it for that would you anyway let's
see if we can find here's the lovely
little den of evil I might die in there
that's one of the downsides of doing the
melee build is if you actually are
strict about doing melee early on you
are going to be in a situation where
you're pretty much not gonna be able to
kill too many things and you're going to
get killed a lot so generally speaking
if you're doing this on hardcore cheat a
little or be very very very cautious
there's flappy let's go ahead and get
our Waypoint we got a few enemies here
unfortunately if she kills them we don't
get the experience but or we hit one
experience or something like that there
you go you go ahead and fight that
others omble I don't know if we even get
full experience for the ones that she's
hit I think we might split the
experience not necessarily I don't know
for sure but as far as the enchant
ability goes it only increases attack
rating very little so we're gonna have
to be relying on removing enemy defense
with things such as malice and we're
going to have to rely on using our level
to our advantage rather than a lot of
these other things so oh and require
more strength to use a freaking quilted
armor yeah I forgot I hadn't put any
points on stats we do need to build up
stats to get up to at least
leather armor or at least studded
leather that way we can actually use
some be some things we're gonna go and
get one frozen armor and I'm really
debating on the thunder storm we don't
really need energy shield on normal on
higher difficulties yes you need it but
we're not gonna be using it too much
here let's go and get our one point in
warmth as well just slowly building up
our prerequisites we're not gonna have a
lot to invest in until fairly high in
the levels so yeah it's gonna suck just
a little bit oh yeah we'll get rid of
you let's see how's our money situation
not too good that's worth a little bit
of money let's go and sell all the mana
potions cuz we don't really need them we
are still gonna be primarily melee can
we afford that we can afford that I
don't know why I didn't let me grab it
there you go there's two of those and
four of those lovely we're gonna sell
that unidentified because we're not
gonna use it we do need to buy a new
sash because I get really irritated
seeing that damaged armor thing up there
the damaged armor icon it bothers the
crap out of me
go figure let's see do we have anything
good that I can buy we can just buy a
normal sash we can buy just a light belt
they're both same defense is sad part so
90 90 or 180 I'm gonna go in ninety same
number of slots in the belt and
everything just double-checking that
there's not anything over here that we
want not really I could actually do need
to keep an eye out for two socket staves
because I am going to be using a I'm
forgetting what it's called now I was an
lief staff for a good portion of this I
don't need anything special on it if I
find a good two socket staff with good
stats on it yeah I'll use it but I need
a short staff so yeah none of these will
work so that kind of sucks just a little
bit but we do need to get down into that
denim evil and actually get that quest
done today kind of fussing around and
piddle in with things let's see
gargantuan beasts are a little bit of a
pain but we do have a bigger pain right
here the shamans
I do need to be a little bit careful on
the life totals because they will
overwhelm me quite easily let's grab the
quilted armor now that we can use it get
the hell out of Dodge and start shooting
fire bolts back because frankly these
guys will hurt just a little bit if they
swarm up all on me so I can kill off a
few with a few little lovely place fire
bolts there it helps out a little bit so
gargantuan beasts needs to go down go
away okay so we've got a couple down
zombie needs to go down as well he's the
heavy hitter of the bunch that's there
so keys we got quilted armors out the
wazoo we got a chip skull a chip skull
is another strategy you could use with
this it's a strategy that they actually
use for the Paladin runs the pastor's
paladin run we're gonna be using that
quite a bit we're gonna be running
around looking for chips skulls
hopefully our luck will be as good come
on where's the sha'ban I saw you raise
somebody oh there's a whole ton of you
beautiful
we'll go and grab the crack throwing
knife come over here you guys let's go
around the other way
gargantuan beasts we can kill them off
without getting too much trouble here
oh and his little friend didn't run away
what the hell I don't know why the other
fallen didn't react to him dying usually
though bolt like crazy whenever
something else it dies near them
there you go die how are we doing on
potions not too bad a little bit more
strength let's go ahead and put one
point in fire bolt because we do need
that to get down to it and chant that's
the main reason I'm doing that once we
get to 30 will be just dumping straight
into the fire mastery by the way so
it'll boost our damage with the
enchanted weapons a great deal hey
shaman how you doing
there's one down we do need more of
those where's the other shaman there he
is oh there's three of you get out of
there get out of there
I need mana no you know you need extra
light allottee honestly that's a bugger
around there get them off of us okay
there's the last shaman so we should be
able to take this shaman down before
they all get up on top of us there you
go now they're gonna start scattering
and we should be able to take them out
kind of one by one that's not
necessarily one by one but they'll run
away and they'll basically not be a big
problem as long as we can take out a
little group of them just make them run
away
there's our life up and we're not doing
too bad we're actually surviving fairly
well there's some annoying things that
could happen down here I'm forgetting
his name the unique zombie at the very
end is gonna be a little bit of a
challenge but he shouldn't be too
terribly bad give me my gold I am going
to need that to repair this staff this
staff is nice because it's only one gold
to repair we're gonna be using the crap
out of it I probably should have kept
the warmth staff as well as a secondary
weapon but where did the there was a
gargantuan oh yeah we killed the
Gargantua I've never run zombie down
we're gonna get a few levels in here as
well just because I'm leaving it on
players 8 so yay we should be level 6 by
the end of this episode if I have to
guess there's hey can I hit you thank
you not the one I wanted to hit but okay
move back
come on you guys need to follow me down
here oh and I aggro to another
gargantuan this might be the death of me
there we go we're back off a little bit
get rid of their little friends just do
as much damage as possible while they're
closing in on us and then we should be
able to take out at least one of these
gargantuan ones just there we go oh how
I wish I was doing the Lightning
sorceress right now
lightning sources are kind of fun
they're very interesting in that they
have out why am i losing stamina doing
this Oh cuz I haven't run on but yeah
lightning sources are interesting we're
if we do one we're gonna be doing the
charged bolt one so yeah she's she's a
fun one you just see this blanket of
lightning across the ground but this one
not so much
charge bolt trous or charge bolt
sorceress or whatever you want to call
her is the thing you can do as a stupid
build but eventually you do just change
over to a pure lightning sorceress and
if you have enough good equipment the
Lightning sorceress like most of these
builds is not that stupid of a build so
there's those done huh we do need static
field let's go and grab that wall right
here
it's do f1 f2 I probably should have
been using this before just saying
because well it's actually handy against
a large group of enemies because they'll
start freezing themselves against my
armor whenever they do finally hit me
thankfully due to us using players eight
we're up at a decent level where it's
kind of hard for them to hit us
especially with the increased defense
from this our
so we're not going to like collapse
immediately - a lot of stuff just the
higher-level enemies and a handful of
the annoying little enemies see healing
potion town portal and this only lasts
for two minutes by the way the armor so
I am going to be probably recasting it
quite a bit and I'm only gonna be using
the fire bolt when necessary it's not
one of those things I'm gonna be using
consistently I will be phasing it out as
we go along
unlike the poison on the poison necro
throw that on there so we have a backup
weapon it's always nice to have backup
weapons there's gonna be another shaman
up here I think unless that's just a
stray that got away
might be a stray that got away boom boom
boom gargantuan beasts lovely I do need
to scout down there and make sure that
there's not a shaman down in that bottom
left corner this one's not exactly the
perfect layout for me in my opinion but
yeah we'll do what we can there you go
just fill us back up and get moving down
here let's check this one out before we
start moving along because I don't want
to come across the surprise of there
being a shaman down here and having to
redo all of this off-screen I wouldn't
have you guys sit through the bug
because but there is a bug with
basically if a shaman revives something
and it's like near the last couple
things that you have to kill it just
tends to go downhill very quickly
let's see life 24 out of 44 someone's
gonna complain that I'm not using
healing potions I only have so many yep
there we go
and that's not what I wanted to be
casting right there
there you go shaman down please
and we'll even use the mana potion that
we got right there good job yeah we just
want to make sure that there's no
shamans kind of screwing our plans here
so that's what we're doing more keys
sure I'll take them keys useful early on
I don't usually carry them with me later
whenever I'm playing just normal unless
I'm doing just magic find runs in which
case I do want to pop the chests just
because there's one guy right there
and we're getting close to halfway to
level six which is absolutely beautiful
sorry for how slow some of these are
starting out that just kind of comes
with the territory unfortunately let's
see I want that out of there and I want
more healing potions because healing
potions are going to be vitally
important to me especially considering
we're gonna be standing there whacking
something in the head for about an hour
and a half in case you guys didn't know
that yeah this guy's gonna take forever
to frickin kill because he has loads of
life do two players eight and he has
loads of life dude with just being a
boss and it does stack quite a bit
yeah you can just slowly diagur again to
these there you go
come on down thank you let's see how is
our durability on our staff doing five
out of 20 let's go ahead a sort just for
a little bit
hope there is a shaman it's gonna do a
little bit more damage to them but it's
at the same time it's not necessarily
the best weapon in the arsenal for us
it's just decent speed and it's not
terrible amounts of damage okay you guys
need to go down and we have plenty of
strength to do decent damage with it as
well so there you go
stabby stabby what are we doing two to
nine with that verses 1 to 6 with that
yeah this is just doing a little bit
more damage of course a little bit more
damage now is quite a bit give me my
coal dama now as far as the strategy for
this build it's pretty much is based
around in chant and fire mastery fire
mastery giving it why is there have to
be one right there next to them corpse
fire this is gonna hurt like a truck
there we go let's get out of there okay
it doesn't look like there's any more
shamans laying around so it's pretty
much suggest the boss mob that we have
to deal with which shouldn't be that bad
of a deal I'm gonna go ahead and just
chop these guys to pieces with the sword
we may have to go back and repair our
weapons just so we can have enough
durability to finish them off that's how
long this is probably going to take now
we got a strangling gas potion if we get
that one more level we can use that I
think oh we do it with fulminating
that's 5 to 15 but he is elemental
resistance so yeah it's kind of hit or
miss let's see Gold their stamina potion
will sell for a decent amount could grab
that short bow and use the arrows
they're sitting right there and see how
little damage that actually does that
guy yeah it's cuz he's a bus well he's a
boss minion but yeah we're gonna chop
through all of his little guys like that
and if this sword breaks we're out of a
secondary weapon
so yeah and there's corpse fire just
deciding he's going to start picking on
us and yeah
spectral hit is a pain in the ass cuz it
does a random elemental damage in this
case it was cold which slowed me way the
hell down which really sucked there's
that like mana potion we're gonna cheat
a little bit and just start using fire
bolt on him hopefully getting a little
bit of his life off we got some normal
zombies they're not a big deal let's go
ahead and drink that other mana potion
come here his minions should be
following a behind him but I don't see
them out you and your damn poison okay
so we got him halfway oh you broke our
boots why'd you break my boots come on
guy oh and our mana pool up here has
really lovely
let's see if we can actually take him
down with Firebolts come on there you go
yay we didn't have to really worry about
it too much healing mana potion don't
really need it we got the short sword
none of the rest of that really is
appealing to me oh we broke our boots
and our gloves absolutely wonderful you
come out if you go in now to finish off
the rest of these guys normals Ami's not
so bad that Bob's zombie geez
yeah for a male a sorceress if I was
actually gonna try to do it
pure melee early on we would be Sol
because that just takes for freaking
ever to do with the staff I'm gonna go a
little bit more strength I want to get
enough to use all the gear that I want
so quest log okay we still have a decent
number of we have five remaining where
are the other two
I see the undead minions here stabby
stabby you need to just go down I could
use my staff for a little bonus damage
because it does give me 50% more damage
whenever I'm hitting undead but I'll use
the sword for now because it just has
more raw damage and its base damage if I
remember correctly is higher so these
guys do have a level multiplier which is
why they give so much more experience
and they have such a better chance of
hitting me versus the other enemies
thankfully since these are just minions
they can be frozen so they do less
damage over time because they're getting
my armor here to freeze them so I'm able
to get a couple extra hits on them
unfettered whenever they do actually hit
oh wow my armor expired right as you hit
me you little bastard
okay emerald identify we'll go and grab
the buckler okay we're looking good but
where are these last two enemies nothing
there yeah there's only two left so
we're gonna have to run around and find
these last two enemies and then we're
gonna be able get our skill point and
that will be that so anyway I think I
will call it an episode there if you
guys enjoyed this be sure to LIKE
comment and subscribe and say down in
the comments where you think the last
two enemies are
and yeah keep get me have fun peace out
this been Al's rest bye
[Music]
you